Update to core v1.1.35 on v1.1.x branch (#2949)
BuilderIO/builder: packages/core/CHANGELOG.md

### 1.1.35
- Add new `apiVersion` property to toggle between Builder API versions. Defaults to `v1`. Possible values: `v1` and `v3`.

### 1.1.34
- Use correct types for enum, fixes remix type checks.
- Use fetch fallback safely, fixes issues on Salesforce managed runtime.

### 1.1.33
- Use correct types for `responsiveStyles`, fixes remix type checks.

### 1.1.30

> - Add support for threhold and repeat inputs on `ScrollInvView` animations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for threshold and repeat inputs on `ScrollInView` animations.
```
